hey bro do you watch the transfer eat
filed a transfer that will make you
slobber
or appetite or anger to anger
what are you not eating this right now
field teachers just look at him you
you want more you love borsch millions
once the comments you go to the girls
make you soup and how much would you not
waited they hope never got borsch
in response and thought to myself how fucking so
but today will be the end of yours
after all, I will teach you how to suffer
more than 5 simple actions so fucked up
inventory and darkness for any animal
which seems not so nice to you
so as not to eat vegetables potatoes
beet carrot onion cabbage and tomatoes and
also a kitchen that will make your soup not
only beautiful but also delicious salt
pepper garlic and bay leaves and herbs
opportunities then to inventory and bloomers
and a woman that will be you all this
cook when you show this video and
so bro time to cook what I promised you
5 actions the first one trousers speak
while cooking with accents find
gas stove so that was quite dohuya
timati something swarm take a tesla pan
Rivne broth from this action
we shall cut straws Zach believe in another
pan cycle carrot pour do on
3 there is a tomato so that no
hit and on top cunt not a little meat
broth close the lid and put
and then learn on the stove and most importantly
to stir the not burnt by adding
there bylem if needed and when you do it
nevertheless you go to the fourth
action which states 20 through 15
minutes to be shredded cabbage all
stir the carcass another twenty minutes and
then automatically you will go to
the fifth action you translate the vegetables into
prepared in advance broth
add pepper bay leaf and zakira
sizh there pre- chopped potatoes
so it was completely fucking
and you will wait wait until all this
turn a very lean beautiful pain
from what have you get on your knees crying
and see the soup is not so pizdaty like
your mom but when
was at my house on and my praised so
that already truly sit down to eat
you are welcome
voiced whiskey specifically for public
eat fed you to dot com slash cola
551 590 31
yeah